Cannot be voided
Teacher, if the grade is invalid
Xu Mo thinks who cheated and how
It's not fair to him.
But what if he cheats?
It's even more unfair to other students
Then you have to see what the mentality of the person who posted the post is, right? Liu Qiang
How do I know?
It's not Lao Tie, it's you, right?
Internet Protocol Address is Your Home
Don't be unable to find it.
So what if it's me?
He broke the rules
I have an obligation to report
Then why don't you dissuade in time or report to the teacher privately?
But to use public opinion to nurture the school
I don't want to lose this good brother, okay?
Not yet.
You're just jealous that he's outdone you by leaps and bounds, right?
I don't have him misbehaving
Why are you targeting me?
Did you forget what he did before?
What are you talking about? What are you doing?
Okay, okay, let me say a few words
Teacher Zhao, what did you say about the opening of our monthly exam?
Something went wrong with the opening
Three questions.
It opened last Thursday.
Yes, I went to the office last Wednesday
We hadn't come out yet when we opened
Where did he ask me from?
Liu Qiang
You have not publicly slandered your classmates
Now I order you to clarify the facts
Publicly apologize to Xu Ziliang
And make a full report and apologize one by one
Why?